### Equinox Evolution Midnight for OpenBox by Kexolino ###

### OSD ###

osd.bg: Flat
osd.bg.color: #313131

osd.active.label.bg: Flat 
osd.active.label.bg.color: #313131

osd.inactive.label.bg: Flat
osd.inactive.label.bg.color: #313131

osd.hilight.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
osd.hilight.bg.color: #5181AE
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #426C9E

osd.unhilight.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #CBCBCB
osd.unhilight.bg.colorTo: #AEAEAE

osd.label.text.color: #E6E6E6
osd.active.label.text.color: #FFFFFF

osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #313131

### MENU ###

# Border #

menu.border.width: 0

# Text #

menu.title.text.justify: Center
menu.title.text.color: #E6E6E6

menu.items.text.color: #E6E6E6
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #9C9C9C

menu.items.active.text.color: #FFFFFF
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #9C9C9C

# Backgrounds #

menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #313131

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color:	#5181AE
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #426C9E

menu.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #424242
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #343434

### ACTIVE WINDOWS ###

# Border & Handle & Padding #

border.width: 0
window.active.border.color: #525252

window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 0
padding.height: 0

# Text #

window.label.text.justify: Center
window.active.label.text.color: #2E2E2E

# Backgrounds #

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.title.bg:	Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #CBCBCB
window.active.title.bg.colorTo:	#AEAEAE
window.active.title.separator.color: #B0B0B0

# Buttons #

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #2E2E2E
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #2E2E2E

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #1F1F1F
window.active.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #1F1F1F

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #4977A6
window.active.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #4977A6

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #A8A8A8

### INACTIVE WINDOWS ###

# Border & Handle & Padding #

border.width: 1
window.inactive.border.color: #525252

window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 0
padding.height: 3

# Text #

window.inactive.label.text.color: #6C6C6C

# Backgrounds #

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #CBCBCB
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #AEAEAE
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #B0B0B0

# Buttons #

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #6C6C6C
window.inactive.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #6C6C6C

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #6C6C6C
window.inactive.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #6C6C6C

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #4977A6
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #4977A6

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #A8A8A8
