#### Equinox Evolution Dawn for OpenBox by Kexolino ###

### OSD ###

osd.bg: Flat
osd.bg.color: #323232

osd.active.label.bg: Flat 
osd.active.label.bg.color: #323232

osd.inactive.label.bg: Flat
osd.inactive.label.bg.color: #323232

osd.hilight.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
osd.hilight.bg.color: #5A5A5A
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #515151

osd.unhilight.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #BABABA
osd.unhilight.bg.colorTo: #A8A8A8

osd.label.text.color: #CCCCCC
osd.active.label.text.color: #FFFFFF

osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #323232

### MENU ###

# Border #

menu.border.width: 0

# Text #

menu.title.text.justify: Center
menu.title.text.color: #CCCCCC

menu.items.text.color: #CCCCCC
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #9C9C9C

menu.items.active.text.color: #FFFFFF
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #9C9C9C

# Backgrounds #

menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #323232

menu.items.active.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.items.active.bg.color:	#5A5A5A
menu.items.active.bg.colorTo: #515151

menu.title.bg: Flat Gradient Vertical
menu.title.bg.color: #424242
menu.title.bg.colorTo: #343434

### ACTIVE WINDOWS ###

# Border & Handle & Padding #

border.width: 1
window.active.border.color: #383838

window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 0
padding.height: 0

# Text #

window.label.text.justify: Center
window.active.label.text.color: #DFDFDF

# Backgrounds #

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.title.bg:	Flat Gradient Vertical
window.active.title.bg.color: #373737
window.active.title.bg.colorTo:	#343434
window.active.title.separator.color: #333333

# Buttons #

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #DFDFDF
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #DFDFDF

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #A8A8A8
window.active.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #A8A8A8

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #4779CB
window.active.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #4779CB

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #454545

### INACTIVE WINDOWS ###

# Border & Handle & Padding #

border.width: 1
window.inactive.border.color: #383838

window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 0
padding.height: 3

# Text #

window.inactive.label.text.color: #BDBDBD

# Backgrounds #

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.title.bg:	Flat Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #373737
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo:	#343434
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #333333

# Buttons #

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #BDBDBD
window.inactive.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #BDBDBD

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #A8A8A8
window.inactive.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #A8A8A8

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #4779CB
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #4779CB

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #454545
