## OSD

osd.bg: Flat
osd.bg.color: #1D1F21

osd.hilight.bg: Flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #b294bb

osd.unhilight.bg: Flat
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #c5c8c6

osd.label.text.color: #c5c8c6

## Menus

# Border

menu.border.width: 0

# Text

menu.title.text.justify: Center
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff

menu.items.text.color: #c5c8c6
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #454545
menu.items.active.text.color: #b294bb
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #454545

menu.separator.color: #1D1F21

# Backgrounds

menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #1D1F21

menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #1D1F21

menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: #1D1F21

## Active Windows

# Border, Handle, Padding

border.width: 1
window.active.border.color: #1D1F21

window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 5
padding.height: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0

# Text

window.labal.text.justify: Left
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff

# Backrounds

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.title.bg: Flat 
window.active.title.bg.color: #1D1F21

# Buttons

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #b294bb
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #b294bb

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #1D1F21

## Inactive Windows

# Border, Handle, Padding

window.inactive.border.color: #1D1F21

# Text #

window.label.text.justify: Left
window.inactive.label.text.color: #1D1F21

# Backgrounds #

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #1D1F21

# Buttons #

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #1D1F21
window.inactive.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #1D1F21

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #c5c8c6
window.inactive.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #c5c8c6

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #c5c8c6
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #c5c8c6

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #1D1F21
